{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14800\viewh16060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms and Conditions
\f1\b0\fs72 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 \

\f0\fs28 \shad0 This agreement applies to the commercial license bought on this site.\
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this font. Your use, download, distribution or installation of this copy of this font indicates your acceptance of this agreement. For any uncertainties, contact Upper Type Foundry: type@uppercommunication.com\
The 
\i fonts
\i0  here means font files, image files, all accompanying files, data and materials received with your order or download of software.\
If you do not agree to any of the terms of this License, then do not download, install, distribute or use the fonts. Products are non-refundable.\
Warrantee covers defects in the software, which prevents successfully installing the software in the buyer\'92s PC. Warrantee does not cover fitness of purpose, not meeting of expectations or needs in the mind of the buyer.\
The purchased fonts includes a one-user-license, and may be installed on and used by only one computer and one person. The fonts may not be used by more than one company per purchase. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer. The fonts may be accessed through a network only after obtaining a license for multiple computers.\
All components accompanying the software are copyrighted by Upper Type Foundry and may not be taken apart, modified, used or published with other software or means and may not be distributed or copied in any manner.\
Any liability of Upper Type Foundry will be limited exclusively to refund of purchase price. In addition, in no event shall Upper Type Foundry, or his principals, shareholders, officers, employees, affiliates, contractors, subsidiaries, or parent organizations, be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or any other damages whatsoever relating to the use of the fonts.\
In no event does Upper Type Foundry authorize you to use the fonts in applications or systems where the fonts\'92 failure to perform can reasonably be expected to result in a physical injury. Any such use by you is entirely at your own risk, and you agree to hold Upper Type Foundry harmless from any claims or losses relating to such unauthorized use.\
This Agreement constitutes the entire statement of the Agreement between the parties on the subject matter, and merges and supersedes all other or prior understandings, purchase orders, agreements and arrangements. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Italy.\
Upper Type Foundry is the owner of the copyright of the fonts, all of its derivatives, title and accompanying materials are the exclusive property of Upper Type Foundry. All rights of any kind, which are not expressly granted in this License, are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by Upper Type Foundry. You may not sell, rent, lease, transfer, modify, translate, reverse engineer, de-compile, disassemble or create derivative works to sell based on the fonts. You may not make access to the fonts available to others in connection with a service bureau, application service provider, or similar business, or use the fonts in a business to provide file compression, decompression, or conversion services to others. There are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Upper Type Foundry herein.\
You may not disclose to other persons the data or techniques relating to the fonts that you know or should know that it is a trade secret of Upper Type Foundry in any manner that will cause damage to Upper Type Foundry.\
The fonts and all services provided may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any Italian, State or City law is strictly prohibited. And hold Upper Type Foundry harmless from any claims resulting from the use of the fonts, which may damage any other party.\
By not following the above agreement the buyer agrees to pay any penalty charge calculated by the designer.\
All parts may be discussed and adapted by agreement between Upper Type Foundry and the buyer.}